README.md, before:

# Docker Janus Node

This repository contains a Dockerfile and configuration file to build Janus Node, a privacy and compression proxy developed by Mozilla.

About Janus:

* https://wiki.mozilla.org/Mobile/Janus
* https://github.com/mozilla/node-janus

## How to pull already built images?

If you don't want to build it, simply pull the image:

    sudo docker pull matttbe/janus-node

## How to build?

It's maybe better to build it by yourself (to be sure that you're using the latest stable version of all packages).

### Clone this repository:

     git clone https://github.com/matttbe/docker-janus-node.git
     cd docker-janus-node


### Settings
If you need to change some settings, do it now by editing `default.yml` file (I just reduced the output messages compared to the original `default.yml` file)

### Keys and certificate
You will need to add your own key and certificate. If you want to use yours, simply launch the `genkey.sh` script or:

    openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out crt.pem

The most important point is to correctly set the CD attribute with your server FQDN, e.g. `example.com`:

    Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:example.com

### Build docker image
Now you build the image by using `build.sh` script or:

    sudo docker build -t matttbe/janus-node .


## How to launch it?
You can simply launch it as any other docker image but don't forget to redirect ports, e.g.:

    sudo docker run -d -p 0.0.0.0:55055:55055 -p 0.0.0.0:55155:55155 -P --name janus matttbe/janus-node

Commit message:

Readme: added commands to generate new keys from built images

README.md, after:

# Docker Janus Node

This repository contains a Dockerfile and configuration file to build Janus Node, a privacy and compression proxy developed by Mozilla.

About Janus:

* https://wiki.mozilla.org/Mobile/Janus
* https://github.com/mozilla/node-janus

## How to pull already built images?

If you don't want to build it, simply pull the image:

    sudo docker pull matttbe/janus-node

But this image will contain generic key and generic configuration. It's maybe better to build it by yourself!
Of course, it's always possible to pull this image and launch it with `bash` to update the system and change keys and certificate:

    sudo docker run -u 0 -t -i -p 0.0.0.0:55055:55055 -p 0.0.0.0:55155:55155 -P --name janus matttbe/janus-node bash
    apt-get update && apt-get dist-upgrade -y
    su - janus
    cd node-janus
    vi config/default.yml
    openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout keys/key.pem -out keys/crt.pem
    ./proxy

## How to build?

As previously said, it's maybe better to build it by yourself to be sure that you're using the latest stable version of all packages with your own key and certificate and with the options that you want.

### Clone this repository:

     git clone https://github.com/matttbe/docker-janus-node.git
     cd docker-janus-node


### Settings
If you need to change some settings, do it now by editing `default.yml` file (I just reduced the output messages compared to the original `default.yml` file)

### Keys and certificate
You will need to add your own key and certificate. If you want to use yours, simply launch the `genkey.sh` script or:

    openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout key.pem -out crt.pem

The most important point is to correctly set the CD attribute with your server FQDN, e.g. `example.com`:

    Common Name (e.g. server FQDN or YOUR name) []:example.com

### Build docker image
Now you build the image by using `build.sh` script or:

    sudo docker build -t matttbe/janus-node .


## How to launch it?
You can simply launch it as any other docker image but don't forget to redirect ports, e.g.:

    sudo docker run -d -p 0.0.0.0:55055:55055 -p 0.0.0.0:55155:55155 -P --name janus matttbe/janus-node
